update windows-10-enterprise-subscription-activation.md (#3741)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-10-enterprise-subscription-activation.md

)
</pre>

> If no firmware-embedded Windows 10 activation key presents, the license will escalate to Windows 10 Enterprise using Subscription Activation directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a firmware-embedded Windows 10 activation key is not present, the license will escalate to Windows 10 Enterprise using Subscription Activation directly.
```

> If no firmware-embedded Windows 10 activation key presents, the license will escalate to Windows 10 Enterprise using Subscription Activation directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no firmware-embedded Windows 10 activation key is present, the license will automatically step-up to Windows 10 Enterprise using Subscription Activation.
```
